feat/docs/plugin-middleware (#7158)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/docs/guides/web3_plugin_guide/plugin_authors.md

}
```

## Plugin Middleware

Middleware allows plugins to intercept network interactions and inject custom logic. There are two types of plugin middleware: [request middleware](#request-middleware) and [transaction middleware](#transaction-middleware). In both cases, the middleware is implemented as a new class and registered with the plugin in the plugin's `link` method. Keep reading to learn how to add middleware to a plugin.

### Request Middleware

> Request middleware allows plugins to modify RPC requests before they are sent to the network and modify RPC responses before they are returned to the user. Request middleware must implement the [`RequestManagerMiddleware`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware) interface, which specifies two functions: [`processRequest`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware#processRequest) and [`processResponse`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware#processResponse). Here is a simple example of request middleware that prints RPC requests and responses to the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request middleware allows plugins to modify RPC requests before they are sent to the network and modify RPC responses before they are returned to the web3.js lib's other packages for internal processing. Request middleware must implement the [`RequestManagerMiddleware`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware) interface, which specifies two functions: [`processRequest`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware#processRequest) and [`processResponse`](/api/web3-core/interface/RequestManagerMiddleware#processResponse). Here is a simple example of request middleware that prints RPC requests and responses to the console:
```
